Small test improvements and bugfix on `Slice`. (#597)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

* Added option to filter tracks by duration in seconds using `lk.filter_tracks(tracks, minimum_duration=duration_in_seconds)`.
* Added `KymoTrackGroup.filter()` to filter tracks in-place. `tracks.filter(minimum_duration=2)` is equivalent to `tracks = lk.filter_tracks(tracks, minimum_duration=2)`.

#### Bug fixes

> * Fixed a bug in `downsampled_like` that would fail to indicate a lack of overlap between the low frequency and high frequency channel when sampling within the last sample of the low frequency channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in `Slice.downsampled_like` that would fail to raise an error due to a lack of overlap between the low frequency and high frequency channel when the high frequency channel starts within the last sample of the low frequency channel.
```
